1.1--Hardware comprises the physical elements of the computer. Software provides invisibal instructions that control the hardware and make it perform specific tasks.

1.2--CPU, RAM, Storage Devices, Input Devices, Output Devices

1.3--Central Processing Unit

1.4--GHz

1.5--Bits are actually switches that can have on or off values 0 and 1. A byte is the minimum storage unit in the computer and consists of eight bits.

1.6--Memory is a fast and specialized area for computer to execute programs. When you run a program computer takes its data from the storage device and store it in
memory temporarily until you close the program or shut down the computer. After you finished your work with the program, when you save it , the data in RAM
is saved back to the storage device and removed from RAM.
Random Access Memory
The data is stored in any order with their memory adresses, so it is called "Random".

1.7--byte

1.8--byte

1.9--Storage device holds the data permenantly while memory holds it temporarily.

1.10--Machine language

1.11--Working with machine language (0's and 1's) is very hard. So Assembly language, which is mnemonic compared with 0's and 1's, is created.

1.12--Assembler is a translator which translates the assembly code to the machine code.

1.13--High level program is a user friendly English like programming language which is easier to use and less complicated.

1.14--A program written in a high level language is called a source program.

1.15--Interpreter is a translator that translates one statement from the source code and executes it right away.

1.16--A compiler translates the entire source code into the machine code and the code is executed after that.

1.17--An interpreter translates and executes a program one statement at a time. A compiler translates the entire source program into a machine-language file 
for execution. Interpreteer is interactive  but works slower. Compiler is not interactive but works faster.

1.18.An operating system is a complicated program that runs on a computer and fulfills tasks like controlling and monitoring system activities, allocating and assigning system 
resources and scheduling operations.
Windows, Linux Kali, Linux Ubuntu MacOS etc.

1.19--Controlling and monitoring system activities, allocating and assigning system resources and scheduling operations.

1.20--Multiprogramming allows multiple programs to run simultaneously by sharing the same CPU.
Multithreading allows a single program to execute multiple tasks at the same time.
Multiprocessing,  uses two or more processors together to perform subtasks concurrently and then combine solutions of the subtasks to obtain a solution for the entire task.

1.21--A team led by James Goslin.
Oracle owns it now.

1.22-Java applets are the programs that can be run from a Web browser.

1.23--Java

1.24--The Java language specification is a technical definition of the Java programming language’s syntax and semantics.

1.25--Java Development Toolkit

1.26--Integrated Development Environment

1.27--They are different IDE's for the same programming language Java.

1.28--Keywords are special words that have a meaning to the compiler. 
public, static , class, etc...

1.29--Yes, Java is case sensitive.
Keywords are downcase in Java.

1.30--Comment is the note of the programmer to make the program user friendly to read.
Comments are ignored by the compiler.
Comment line is denoted with --> //
Comment paragraph is denoted with -->/* ...............*/

1.31--System.out.println( " Display " );

1.32--There is a syntax error.

1.33--.java , .class

1.34--Input is .java file. Output is .class file .

1.35--javac

1.36--java

1.37--JVM is an interpreter that translates the instructions in the bytecode into the target machines language code.

1.38--Yes, it can run on any computer.
JVM is needed.

1.39--When the class is not defined.

1.40--When the main method is not defined.

1.41--public class Test {
	 	public static void main(String[] args);{		 	
			System.out.println("Welcome Java");
			}
	 }

1.42--Errors that are detected by the compiler are called syntax errors.
Runtime errors are errors that cause a program to terminate abnormally.
Logic errors occur when a program does not perform the way it was intended to.

1.43--Mistyped keywords.
Division by zero.
Wrong result because of trunucation of the integer numbers.

1.45--Runtime error.

1.46--Logic error.


		










































